README.md, before:

# Lpslackpage

This project was generated with [angular-cli](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 1.0.0-beta.26.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

Run `yarn server` for the api dev server. This is needed to have hot reload for the front-end and api for the back-end. On production these will run on 1 port.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive/pipe/service/class/module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `-prod` flag for a production build.

## Production server

After running `ng build` you can run the `server:prod` script to have the express server run and serve the `dist/index.html` with ng2.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).
Before running the tests make sure you are serving the app via `ng serve`.

## Deploying to GitHub Pages

Run `ng github-pages:deploy` to deploy to GitHub Pages.

## Further help

To get more help on the `angular-cli` use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular-CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

Added simple contribution guidelines to readme

README.md, after:

# Lpslackpage

This project was generated with [angular-cli](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 1.0.0-beta.26.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

Run `yarn server` for the api dev server. This is needed to have hot reload for the front-end and api for the back-end. On production these will run on 1 port.

## Contributing

We follow the basic fork -> clone -> branch contribution workflow.

Pull requests are only accepted into the `development` branch.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive/pipe/service/class/module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `-prod` flag for a production build.

## Production server

After running `ng build` you can run the `server:prod` script to have the express server run and serve the `dist/index.html` with ng2.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).
Before running the tests make sure you are serving the app via `ng serve`.

## Deploying to GitHub Pages

Run `ng github-pages:deploy` to deploy to GitHub Pages.

## Further help

To get more help on the `angular-cli` use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular-CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).
